fix(fp8): support Qwen3.5 FP8 rollout and training (#2744)
NVIDIA-NeMo/RL: docs/model-quirks.md

Every shipped recipe sets `freeze_config`, so in-repo recipes are unaffected.
This matters only for custom configs.

## Megatron Parameter Freezing (`freeze_config`)

The Megatron backend has its own `freeze_config` at a different path
(`policy.megatron_cfg.freeze_config`) with **different keys** than the
AutoModel version above — the dict is forwarded to the Megatron-Bridge model
provider's `freeze()` API, so the keys follow the provider signature and vary

> by model family (audio-capable providers add e.g. `freeze_audio_model`):

Reviewer: Small wording correction in the section we asked for — it's the **model's** `freeze()`, not the provider's.

`setup.py` calls it on the model module after unwrapping `Float16Module`: [`model_module.freeze(**freeze_config)`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/f4c22caf24cc5c3c7abd1548fc19f50f61090e7e/nemo_rl/models/megatron/setup.py#L1586). Walking Megatron-Bridge, 21 classes define `freeze()` and **none of them are providers** — they're all `*Model` classes, e.g. [`Qwen3VLModel.freeze()`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/Megatron-Bridge/blob/0c565c9a063bc8578ec094b4eb488594ed8b033a/src/megatron/bridge/models/qwen_vl/modelling_qwen3_vl/model.py#L468). Providers expose `freeze_*` as dataclass *fields*, which is a genuinely different knob — `policy.megatron_cfg` also accepts [flat `freeze_vision_model` / `freeze_vision_projection`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/f4c22caf24cc5c3c7abd1548fc19f50f61090e7e/nemo_rl/models/policy/__init__.py#L359-L362) that route that other way, so "provider" points readers at the wrong one.

```suggestion
AutoModel version above — the dict is forwarded to the Megatron model's
`freeze()` method, so the keys follow that model's signature and vary
by model family (audio-capable models add e.g. `freeze_audio_model`):
```

The same one-word fix applies at [`model-quirks.md:100`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/f4c22caf24cc5c3c7abd1548fc19f50f61090e7e/docs/model-quirks.md#L100) and [`policy/__init__.py:467-468`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/f4c22caf24cc5c3c7abd1548fc19f50f61090e7e/nemo_rl/models/policy/__init__.py#L467-L468) — I've left applyable suggestions on both. Your own code comment at [`setup.py:1575`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/f4c22caf24cc5c3c7abd1548fc19f50f61090e7e/nemo_rl/models/megatron/setup.py#L1575) already words it correctly.

---

Separately, and entirely optional: would you consider adding the two new recipes to the table in [`docs/guides/models/qwen/qwen3-5.md`](https://github.com/NVIDIA-NeMo/RL/blob/f4c22caf24cc5c3c7abd1548fc19f50f61090e7e/docs/guides/models/qwen/qwen3-5.md#L61-L69)? It currently lists all seven other Qwen3.5 recipes, so these two are the only ones missing, and they aren't referenced anywhere else under `docs/`. There's in-range precedent — #3383 added one recipe and documented it in the same commit. Two rows:

```
| Qwen3.5-9B-Base | LLM | GRPO | Megatron | 1n8g | [`grpo-qwen3.5-9b-1n8g-megatron-fp8.yaml`](../../../../examples/configs/recipes/llm/grpo-qwen3.5-9b-1n8g-megatron-fp8.yaml) |
| Qwen3.5-35B-A3B-Base | LLM | GRPO | Megatron | 2n8g | [`grpo-qwen3.5-35ba3b-2n8g-megatron-ep16tp2-fp8.yaml`](../../../../examples/configs/recipes/llm/grpo-qwen3.5-35ba3b-2n8g-megatron-ep16tp2-fp8.yaml) |
```

```yaml
policy:
  megatron_cfg:
    freeze_config:
      freeze_vision_model: true
      freeze_vision_projection: true
      freeze_language_model: false
```

The two configs are not interchangeable: copying the AutoModel keys
(`freeze_vision_tower` / `freeze_audio_tower`) here raises a `TypeError` from

> the provider.

Reviewer: Same one-word fix as above — the `TypeError` surfaces from the model's `freeze()`, not from a provider.

```suggestion
The two configs are not interchangeable: copying the AutoModel keys
(`freeze_vision_tower` / `freeze_audio_tower`) here raises a `TypeError`
from the model's `freeze()`.
```

Author: Applied in 8b7ebb41c.
